hello we are coming at you live from a
tuple a don't know if you've heard but
chick-fil-a has a new sandwich this is
easy the spicy chicken sandwich hence
the fire on all of the doors and we're
gonna go get it because I know something
that works here so it's like related
really crazy I feel like a spy kid
I just get a number 1 i'm excited for
your number one you're supposed to go
see bailey right and the guy let comes
up click so now i have a regular
drinking sprite they doing haha I'll see
my video everyone knows I can't even
open a survivor
we got the same age it's imperfect
Susan's personnel
there is
haha Oh God bells sweet hmm smell it
campus oh god it smells so spicy smell
the visions come and spend a promise
we're gonna like this we got oh that old
man like me
watch this not like someone chemical and
endless gonna like kill us protect my
little oh well oh well I father died
like getting medicine otherwise oh my
god
yeah Wow don't you like not even
overwhelmingly spicy like I don't even
need to say take it up in it up spite
hint that's a perfect but it's not the
original chicken sandwich either there's
different
it's really good you feel the burn
mm-hmm but like it's just a satisfying
it's a good after burn whoo yeah go for
it get it you gotta get bad days in nine
days you can get it thanks for watching
and catches bag
go to play right now